At the seaside.
A cup of tea.
Yes, dear.
Here you are.
Would you like some jam, mother?
I don't like ham, Nancy.
You know I don't eat meat.
You said jam, mother.
Not ham.
Would you like some jam, mother?
Yes, please, Nancy.
I hope it's strawberry jam.
I like strawberry jam.
I don't like raspberry jam.
And I don't like plum jam.
And I don't like...
Yes, I know, mother.
I only buy strawberry jam.
Yes, strawberry jam for the last five years.
Just for her.
Not again.
There are other people in this family, dear.
I like raspberry jam.
Well, you can do the shopping next week.
And then you buy what you want.
You know I have no time.
No, dear.
I don't like strawberry jam all the time.
Not again.
We're going on a nice family seaside holiday for a week.
You can have raspberry jam for breakfast in the hotel.
And mum can have strawberry jam, okay?
Yes, dear.
Oh, here you are, Boris.
Have my jam sandwich.
Don't give Boris your sandwich.
You know what happens.
He looks hungry.
I don't think you give him enough food.
It's not a horse, mum.
It's not a real dog.
A real dog is a golden retriever.
I like golden retrievers.
Boris is noisy and smelly.
That reminds me.
Why are we taking your mother on holiday?
You know what happened last year?
Not again, Pete.
We can't leave her alone in the house.
Why not?
What's he saying about me?
I know he's talking about me.
He doesn't like me.
No, mother. It's okay.
He's talking about the lovely holiday together.
No, he's not.
Yes, he is.
No, I'm not.
No, he's not.
Yes, he is.
I'll stop this, everyone.
I want a nice, relaxing breakfast, please.
We have a long journey today.
Please try to be nice to each other for one minute.
Not again. I can't believe it.
Stop that, Josephine.
It's not nice at the breakfast table.
Why not?
Because I say so.
I tell you, every morning, not to do that.
I want to.
Robbie's hungry.
You can feed it in your room in its cage.
Please keep it in its cage.
You get lonely.
I don't know why.
She has a pet rat.
It's unhealthy.
We said Josephine can have a pet.
Don't you remember?
Of course I remember.
But a cat or a dog, not a parasite.
I like Robbie.
He's sweet.
It smells.
No, it doesn't.
Yes, it does.
I like Robbie.
He's sweet.
The rat is not coming on holiday.
Why not?
Because it's not.
Nancy, speak to your daughter, please.
Why is it always me?
No, Josephine.
It's not coming.
It can't stay in the hotel.
But I like Robbie.
Be quiet, Mother.
After breakfast, take it to your friend.
She can look after it.
But she's going out.
Just do as I say, Josephine.
Don't argue.
I like him.
He's sweet.
Thank you, Grand.
You see?
Grandma.
Grand thinks Robbie is sweet.
Maybe because it looks like her.
He's talking about me again.
What did he say, Nancy?
It's not good for my heart.
He knows I have high blood pressure.
I said that it looks.
Not again, Pete.
The rat is not coming with us.
You heard your mother, Josephine.
I like him.
It's sweet.
I am getting very, very angry.
You will find me in the garage cleaning the car.
It is the only place in this house
where I can find some peace and quiet.
Why did you marry him, Nancy?
Not again, Mum.
I liked Jonathan.
You know he lived next door.
He liked you, too.
He had very nice tea.
He went to university.
He's a doctor.
Lovely house.
I met his mother last week.
He's...
Not again, Mum.
Go in your own room, Josephine.
Pack your suitcase.
I want to pack my bag now.
I don't want to go on holiday.
It's math.
The same totally naff town.
The same naff hotel.
The same naff food.
That's enough, Josephine.
You are coming with the family.
You're too young to stay at home alone.
Why don't we go to Spain on Mallorca?
All my friends go abroad.
Why do we always go to bloody, stupid Blackpool?
I hate it.
I want to go to somewhere where I can chill out
and meet some fit guys.
Blackpool is nice.
We can sit on the beach.
We can go to the fair.
We can ride on a donkey.
We can have fun.
I don't want to sodding donkey.
Mum, I am 15 years old.
I don't want to ride on a naffing donkey.
I want to go to discos.
Meet people.
Have fun.
No, this year it is Blackpool.
That is final.
No more arguments and stop using those terrible words.
I say what I want.
But why do we always go to Blackpool?
Because...
Because we do.
Don't take that dress, Mum. It's too short.
I don't think it is.
Yes, it is.
Everyone can see your fat legs.
I'm taking it.
What's this?
Why are you taking this?
You never wear this for Dad.
Is it new?
Give it to me, Josephine.
I bought it for the holiday.
Does Dad know you bought it?
Dad, Dad, come here.
Stop it, Josephine.
No, I didn't tell your father.
It's a surprise.
Why did you buy it?
It looks very expensive.
You are much too old to wear it.
I know.
It's that slimy Italian manager at the hotel.
What's his name?
I know.
squeegee or something.
I don't know what you're talking about, Josephine.
Yes, you do.
Italian manager, we meet every year.
Oh, yes.
His name is not squeegee.
It's Luigi.
Luigi Bertolini.
And he's not slimy.
He has charming and kind.
I don't like him.
He's got spots and he smells like a perfume factory.
They're fickle, it's not spots.
Did you do it with him last year, Mum?
No, I didn't.
What a thing to say.
You know how much I love your father.
Why do you say that, Josephine?
No reason, Mum.
No reason.
It's just that I bought a new bikini for the holiday.
What do you think?
Oh!
Oh, no, Mother.
What's the matter?
I like it.
Red is a nice colour.
The woman in the shop said that red is the colour for this year.
It's not the colour that's the problem.
So what's the matter then?
The problem is the bikini, Mother.
It's, um, very small.
Yes, I want to get a suntan this year.
It's Blackpool, Mother, not the Caribbean.
It rained last year and the year before.
But don't you think you're a bit old for that bikini?
John at the Bingo Club said I have a good body.
John? From across the road?
He's totally blind. He has a white stick.
Yes, I know.
But he feels I have a great body.
But a cloudier shiffer has a red bikini just like this one.
I saw it on television.
Mother, you cannot wear that.
It's super grand.
Don't listen to Nancy.
Oh, please, wear it on the beach and tell me what happens.
Don't say that, Josephine.
She's too old to wear that.
I like it.
I hope the young men on the beach like it too.
Oh, dear Mother, you get worse as you get older.
Please go and finish your packing.
We're all ready late.
Pete gets angry if we're late.
Yes, dear, yes, dear.
Just a few more things to pack.
Oh, this tender thing is a bit uncomfortable.
Does it look all right from behind?
No, it doesn't.
Oh, it looks fun.
Fantastic, grand.
Go and ask Dad what he thinks.
That's a good idea.
He's a man.
No, it's not a good idea, Mum.
Josephine is joking.
Pete, come into the house, please.
Our suitcases are ready.
I think my mother is ready too.
Okay, the car's ready.
The engine sounds fantastic.
No problems.
I'm not so sure.
It's my mother, Rick, with her bag.
Yes?
So she is coming with us.
Of course she is.
Super terrific, fantastic.
I am so happy.
Can I come in?
Are you ready?
I want to take your bag.
You want to take me back?
No, don't.
I don't want to go back there.
Not there.
Nancy said I can stay here.
What?
What are you talking about?
Nancy, stop him.
He wants to take me back.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Please stay, don't send me back.
Shut up, please.
All I said was that I want to take your B-A-G bag.
Bag!
What's the problem now?
He wants to take me back.
He doesn't like me.
Why did you say that, Pete?
Why did you always upset my mother?
All I said to the old fossil was that I want to take her bag.
Bag!
I am not an old fossil.
Robert, a friend at the Bingo Club said I look like Marilyn Monroe.
Robert thinks everyone looks like her.
Last week he called me, Marilyn.
Stop it, both of you.
Take her suitcase, Pete, and then collect Joses.
What is in this suitcase?
It's so heavy.
Are you stealing our silver?
Don't start again, Pete.
I'm going.
It's too loud.
Stop playing now, Josephine.
Turn it down.
What a noise.
Stop playing.
What do you say, Dad?
I said, turn it down.
Oh.
You have.
Why do you play that terrible music, Josephine?
I think it's great.
It's what I want to do to write music.
You think you can make a living with that kind of music?
Well, I was young.
They knew how to write music.
And the words were important.
And now...
Yes, Dad.
I know.
You tell me every day.
When you get older.
Oh, yes.
Same old story.
Shut up.
I'm not interested.
I don't want any arguments on holiday.
This is the only time your mother and I can relax.
I don't want any problems, Josephine.
Come with me and bring your suitcase to the car now.
Now.
Naff, Blackpool.
Boring family.
Boring life.
I hate it.
Hurry up, Nancy.
Get in the car.
We're waiting.
Just wait a minute, dear.
Graham isn't here.
You don't want to go without her, do you?
I said you don't want to go without her.
I heard you.
No.
I don't want to go without her.
But perhaps we could try it.
Be honest to a dear for once in your life.
We're all the family she has now.
Yes, dear.
But where is she?
Get off, Boris.
Stop it.
Don't get Morris excited.
You know what happens if he gets too excited.
Stop it, Morris.
Don't do that.
Oh.
No.
What's wrong, Pete?
What's that smell?
Why do we keep this dog?
Get off me.
Look what he's done.
Oh.
Now I have to change my shirt.
What a family.
Wonderful start to the holiday.
Why?
Oh, what?
Boris was sick on Dad's shirt.
It's not funny, Jessica.
Boris, come here. Sit quietly.
You're a bad dog.
Here I am.
Oh.
Where's your husband Nancy?
He's always late.
Oh.
What's that smell?
Is it Pete?
It smells.
Yes, Mother.
Thank you.
Boris was sick on Pete.
He's changing his shirt.
I don't know why you married him, Nancy.
What's that noise?
Have you got that rat with you, Josephine?
Oh, no.
Your father told you not to bring it.
I know, Mum.
But I want Robbie to come on a holiday.
He's very quiet.
Please don't tell Dad.
Please.
I like him.
He's sweet.
Please, Mum.
Promise not to say anything.
Please.
I'm not happy, Josephine.
Your father said no.
When he finds out that you have that rat with you.
I hate pets.
Why do we keep it?
I like him.
He's sweet.
It's loud and too expensive.
I don't know what you mean.
He's always very quiet and he costs nothing to feed.
Josephine, show him what are you talking about, Gran.
You gave it a jam sandwich at the breakfast table.
I didn't feed him at the breakfast table.
Yes, you did.
I saw you.
You fed it a strawberry sandwich.
No, I didn't.
Please tell him Nancy.
Don't ask Nancy.
I think your mother is losing her memory.
Perhaps an old people's home is the place for her now.
He doesn't like me, Nancy.
He wants to put me into a home.
I always knew he didn't like me.
Both of you be quiet.
I'm getting one of my headaches.
I just want a few days of relaxation.
Everyone be quiet.
It wasn't my fault, wasn't it?
You can't wear that t-shirt, dear.
It's too small and I can see your stomach.
It looks good.
I always wear it on holiday.
I know, dear, but it's very old.
You have other new t-shirts.
I know, but this is my favourite.
Do you think a t-shirt with a picture of Cliff Richard on it is alright?
We are staying at the Grand Park Hotel.
I don't think it's a good idea.
It's my holiday as well.
I think it's great.
I like Cliff Richard.
He's a nice man.
Why didn't you marry someone like Cliff Richard, Nancy?
He's got a lovely smile and lovely teeth.
Oh, a summer holiday, summer holiday.
One day some, one day some, one day.
Is this car okay?
Of course, no problems.
Are we ready now? Can we go?
Wait a minute, I must go to the toilet again.
Just wait a minute please.
Oh no.
I don't want to stop every ten minutes for your mother.
Nancy, we have 250 miles to drive today.
I hope this piece of junk can go 250 miles.
No problem, trust me.
Sometimes I think you don't trust me dear.
No, you're right. I don't trust you.
I'm okay. We can go.
Last, last, last, last.
APPLAUSE
12 hours to drive 250 miles.
It's now nearly midnight.
I'm hungry. I want a burger.
Oh, that's a good idea, Josie.
I want one too.
What a terrible journey. It was worse than last year.
Yes, but...
This is the last holiday we come in that car.
Yes.
I am not coming to Blackpool again in a car that breaks down every 20 miles.
I'm hungry. I want a burger.
With chips and lots of tomato ketchup.
How are you trying to say, Pete?
Yes, but nothing, dear.
I want a new car.
Yes.
All my friends laugh when they see us in that car.
It's quicker by bike.
And a medium collar.
No, a large one. I am on holiday.
Yes, but it is a classic car.
What's wrong with it?
It is old, unreliable, uncomfortable, noisy, smelly, expensive.
I hate the color. I hate it.
Do you understand?
So, you don't like it, dear?
No. I don't like it.
Do you ever listen to me?
Sorry?
I don't.
I'm hungry. I want a burger.
You're quiet, Josie. Not now.
We can buy you a burger as well, Nancy.
Thank you, Mum.
Burgers are not healthy. I'm on a diet.
You're always on a diet. You still look fat.
Come here, Boris. Come here. Don't do that.
No. Catch him.
Why did you let him go?
I didn't let him go. He escaped through the car window.
He's run onto the beach. I can hear him jumping in the waves.
You can go and get him, Pete.
Yes, dear. But why me?
You are the man of the family, aren't you?
Sometimes I'm not so sure.
What do you mean, Nancy?
Nothing, dear. I suppose it happens when you get older.
What happened?
Nothing. Anyway, what about Boris?
We can talk later.
Josephine? Nancy? Gran? Can you come and help me?
Thank you, everyone.
Wonderful, all family.
I'm hungry. I want a burger.
With chips and lots of tomato ketchup.
It's nearly midnight, and all you two can think about is a burger.
The burger shop is over there. I can see it. Five minutes and we're back.
Come on, Gran. We're going.
Have you got some money, Gran?
Yes, but I want a double portion of chips and lots of tomato ketchup.
No problem, Gran. If you're paying.
You can have what you want.
Josephine?
I want two burgers. I'm so hungry. I could eat Boris.
One.
Perhaps I can have a small burger as well.
It is my holiday.
One burger won't hurt my diet.
But I don't want any chips and ketchup.
Well done, Nancy. You only live once.
It's about five minutes, Mum.
Come on, Gran. Ooh, not so fast.
You know I have a bad leg.
It's Dad's birthday on Wednesday.
Do you have a present for him?
No.
Do you?
I never know what to buy him.
I can't be bothered.
Mum always buys something for me to give him. It's easier.
Dad doesn't know.
Nancy does the same for me.
I never know what to get your father either.
Oh, but what can we do for him this year?
Something a bit different.
And a bit shocking.
What about a new Cliff Richard T-shirt?
Oh.
It's Naph.
What about a stripper?
Cool idea.
But aren't they expensive?
I wonder what Mum thinks.
Don't tell your Mum.
It's a surprise for both of them.
Don't worry about the money I have enough with me.
That's cool.
What type of stripper?
Leave it to me, Josie.
Leave it to me.
Oh, great. Well done, Gran.
Oh, here we are.
Now, don't forget, I want a double burger.
No, a double cheese burger with extra chips.
Oh, and do you think your Dad wants a burger as well?
Don't waste your money.
Save it to the stripper.
Anyway, I think he's too busy at the moment,
chasing Boris through the waves.
Where is that, Doc? I can't find him.
We're not waiting in this car any longer, Pete.
It's getting cold and I want my bed.
So come on, get the luggage and we can check in.
Okay. Okay, I can look for him later, I suppose.
What a day.
You can look for him if you want. I'm tired.
What's that smell?
What are you eating, Josie?
A burger.
You too, Gran, and Nancy, you are all eating.
Where is my burger? I'm so hungry.
Sorry, we forgot to get you one.
You didn't say you wanted a burger.
That's because I wasn't here.
I was running up and down the beach in the dark,
looking for that stupid dog.
I fell over twice.
The couples were very angry.
It was embarrassing.
They were, um, busy.
Oh, wait a minute.
A biscuit at the bottom of my handbag.
Um, oh, yes, here it is.
Oh, thank you very much.
Nice of you to think of me.
Oh, how wonderful.
One biscuit.
Not even a chocolate biscuit.
Just a plain, boring, tasteless biscuit.
I hope I can sleep tonight on such a full stomach.
There's no need to be so sarcastic.
Oh, it tastes terrible.
What is it?
Maybe to me, Pete.
Now, where are my glasses?
Oh, I can't find them.
What does it say on the packet, Nancy?
Wonderful, woofy biscuits.
It's a dog biscuit.
A dog biscuit?
I ate a dog biscuit.
I think I need a doctor.
I suddenly feel real.
Oh, don't worry.
It's OK.
When you start barking, I can ask for a doctor.
Come on.
Let's go into the hotel.
Oh, good evening, Mr. and Mrs. Britain and family.
Oh, hello, Mr. Bertolini.
Luigi.
Lovely to see you again.
How are you?
I'm fine.
And you?
Oh, we're all fine.
Thank you.
It's so nice to be here in your lovely hotel.
You are looking younger than last year, Nancy.
Do you think so?
Oh, thank you so much.
I made a reservation for two double rooms with a bathroom for one week.
Eh, but I don't understand.
You are one week early?
You have a booking from next Saturday, not today.
No, that is wrong.
I phoned two months ago and booked seven nights for this week.
No, I'm sorry, Mr. Britain.
I answered the phone myself and I put it into the computer system immediately.
Oh, no.
I can't believe it.
There must be some escape.
I hope so.
I am not going home at this time.
I'm sure it isn't a problem, is it?
Eh, let me see.
I am sorry, but we only have one spare room at the moment.
We are almost fully booked tonight.
We have a wedding party.
That's okay.
My wife and daughter and I can have the one room.
My wife's mother can sleep on some chairs in the hotel bar.
Look, if she gets thirsty in the night, she can have a drink or two.
My side?
Don't you think, Graham?
Makes you happy?
Stop it, Peter.
Mum is not sleeping in the bar.
I am not sleeping in the bar.
I have a bad back, and my plumbing is not so good.
Mum is only joking.
There is a bed for you.
Of course I was only joking.
Maybe you have a cupboard somewhere in the cellar?
No.
Mum is in the room with Josie and myself.
You, Pete, can find somewhere else to sleep.
What?
No!
It was your job to book the hotel.
I can't get you to do a simple job like that.
You made the mistake, so it's your problem.
Where do I go?
You can find another hotel.
You can sleep on the beach.
You can sleep in your wonderful car.
I don't care.
Good night.
Luigi.
Can you take me to our room, please?
Of course, Nancy.
This way, please.
It's a nice room.
Very comfortable beds.
That sounds very nice.
Come this way, please.
We are back, Josephine.
Mum, come on.
But...
Good night, Dad.
Sleep well.
Sweet dreams.
But...
I can't believe it.
Where were you, Boris?
Come here.
Be quiet.
Don't wake up the guests of the hotel.
Come on.
Get in the car.
Just lay down, Doc.
Be quiet.
I don't believe it.
The first night of the holiday,
and I'm sleeping in the car with you.
Stop barking.
Can we try to sleep now, please, Boris?
I am very, very tired.
What's that noise?
Go away.
Be quiet, Doc.
I'm going mad.
Please open your window, sir.
What?
Oh, no.
The police.
What?
Please open your window, sir.
Yes, sir.
Get off, Boris.
No, Boris, not there.
Open your window now, please, sir.
Yes, officer.
Doc!
Wait a minute.
Boris.
What is the problem, sir?
Nothing, officer.
I just have a problem with the Doc, and, sir.
Why are you sleeping in the car, sir?
It's a long story.
Get off, Boris.
It worked.
Well, officer.
Yes, sir.
Well, I said my wife's mother could sleep in the bar
because she likes a drink or two,
and you have a drink as well, sir.
No, why?
You are a little confused, sir.
No, officer.
It's all very simple.
So, what are you doing now, sir?
I'm staying here in the car for tonight,
and I'm looking for another room in the morning.
You can't park here, sir.
This is a private car park for hotel guests only.
I am a guest at this hotel.
Oh.
That's why you're sleeping in the hotel car park, is it, sir?
Hmm.
It does sound a little strange, officer,
but there is a simple explanation.
Yes, sir.
Of course there is, sir.
I can see you don't believe me.
What makes you think that, sir?
You have one minute to explain to me why you're in this car
with a man barking dog.
Well, it all started when I booked the hotel.
The Italian manager said I booked for next week,
but I know I booked for this week.
That's the problem with foreigners.
They don't understand English.
Even when you shout at them, they don't understand.
Is this important for your story, sir?
Well, er, yes and no.
Anyway, I thought I could sleep with the two women in one room
and the mother-in-law could sleep in the bar.
That's enough, sir.
Can you move your car, sir, now?
But where to?
Perhaps you could drive home, sir.
That's 250 miles.
Well, you can't stay here and you can't stay on the seafront.
There's a carport behind the shopping centre,
but I think that's closed at this time of night.
I'm sorry, officer, but I'm staying here.
That's final. I am tired.
The day was terrible. I am staying here.
That is not a good decision, sir.
Why not?
I think the best idea is that you come to the police station
and then we can have a chat and sort things out there.
You can bring your beast with you as well, sir.
You are joking, officer, aren't you?
No, I'm not.
Shut up!
Are you talking to me, sir?
No, of course not.
Come on, sir. My car is over there.
You can't do this.
I am not a criminal.
I can't believe it.
It's your fault, Boris.
For a holiday.
What a life.
I wonder where Peter's at the moment.
I hope he's OK.
Don't worry about him, Nancy.
I'm sure he has a bed somewhere.
I think I was a bit unkind to him this evening.
Don't worry so much.
I think I ate too many burgers.
I feel a bit strange.
And you ate two ice creams?
Yes, I know.
I never eat ice cream at home, but this is my holiday.
Two ice creams, mum, really.
I want to phone Pete to see if he's OK.
Where's my mobile, Josie?
I don't know.
Why ask me?
You're always losing it.
Oh, no, I forgot about the rat.
If your dad finds out, it's here with us.
He won't find out.
Don't tell him.
It's not my problem, Josephine.
You promised not to tell him.
No, I didn't.
Don't say anything, mum.
That's enough, Josephine.
But it is not sleeping in the same room as us.
Robbie's very quiet.
He's no problem.
Just chill out a bit, mum.
It's not staying in the bedroom.
Put it on the balcony, Josephine.
I can't sleep with it in the room.
Bloody marvellous.
Where is my mobile?
Mum, do you know where it is?
What, Nancy?
Robbie is in Josie's pocket.
No, no, my mobile.
Mobile what?
Telephone.
Mobile.
You know the small telephone I have.
There's a telephone by the side of the bed.
No, I can't use that because I don't know where Pete is staying.
With my mobile...
Oh, it doesn't matter.
Josie, I think it's in the car.
Can you go down to the car, park and have a look?
Oh, mum.
Why me?
Just do it, Josie, please.
But, mum, I don't want to.
You go.
It's dark.
We can go together, Josie.
Come on.
I think a little fresh air might be good for my stomach.
I don't feel too good at the moment.
Mum is super stressed at the moment, Grand.
She really gets all my nerves.
Don't worry, Josie.
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
But you are right.
She is stressed.
And sometimes she does strange things.
Come here, you little thing.
Oh.
You don't want to sleep on that balcony tonight, do you?
Oh, Robbie, can you?
Oh, I don't want to sleep on that balcony tonight.
I don't want to sleep on that balcony tonight, do you?
Oh, Robbie can sleep in the car, in the car park.
After breakfast, you can feed him.
What do you think?
Well, it's better than the balcony, I suppose.
OK.
Oh.
Where is our car?
They all look the same to me.
It's easy to find our car.
It's the only one that looks like it escaped from a museum.
Oh, yes.
There it is.
The car's empty.
I thought that perhaps Dad and Boris were cuddling up on the back seat together.
Oh, shit.
We must be quiet.
It's late.
Now, what is it we're looking for?
Something called a no-bile, whatever that is.
It's a Moby Gran.
Don't you know what a Moby is?
A Gran?
A mobile?
Everyone has one.
Oh, I don't understand this modern technology.
I liked it when people talked to each other and wrote letters.
Oh, it sounds so old.
Oh.
Where is the Moby?
Oh, I can't find it.
It's not bloody here.
Oh, dear.
Come on, stupid mother.
It must be in the bedroom.
Don't forget to leave your little friend here.
Oh, yes.
Come on, Moby.
You can sleep here on this coat.
Okay.
Sleep well.
I'm sleeping by myself on the sofa in the bedroom.
You and Mum can have the double bed, okay?
That's fine.
I have a bad bed.
Yes, I know.
I wonder which hotel Dad is sleeping in.
Maybe he's not alone.
He's got Boris with him.
Oh, yes, I forgot.
Oh, I don't have a key for the bedroom.
Do you, Josie?
No, but Mum is there, so don't get stressed.
Try it again.
Perhaps Nancy is in the bathroom.
Strange?
Mum, are you there?
Open the sodding door.
Is it the right room?
They all look the same to me.
Of course it's the right room.
Mum, wake up.
Open the bleeding door.
Let us in.
Oh, sorry.
I, um, just, well, I went out for a minute.
You're a cooker than I am.
I was way longer than, um...
You're all right, Nancy.
You look a little hot and red.
Were you running?
No.
Yes.
I went for a jog in the hotel.
I think it was the burger, too.
I don't think a night dress is the right thing to wear for jogging, is it?
It's very quiet in the hotel.
No one saw us, Ernie.
I can't find your Moby.
I think it's lost.
What's lost?
Your mobile, Mum.
My mobile?
Oh, yes.
How can I have it, please?
I can't find it.
I just told you.
Okay.
Right.
Good.
I think a good night's sleep is what we all need.
Come on, Nancy.
Open up the door.
We don't have to stand in the corridor.
Good idea, Mum.
I'm in the bathroom first.
Don't take too long, Josephine.
Oh.
Ah.
What are you doing, Mum?
I want to get my body in good shape.
What is that?
My fitness equipment.
I brought it with me in my sleep case.
This helps strengthen the lower muscles.
I want to look good in my new string bikini.
It's half past ten in the morning.
Where is Pete?
Where is my bikini?
I can't find my sun cream, Mum.
Where the hell is it?
I don't know.
Where is Pete?
Why isn't he here?
I want to go to the beach.
Why is he so late?
Where is my mobile?
Here it is.
My mobile?
No.
My bikini.
Did you unpack the sun cream, Mum?
Yes.
It's in the bathroom.
On the show.
I'm ready for the beach.
Come on.
Let's go.
No.
Wait.
I want to know where Pete is.
Come in.
Open the door, please.
Pete.
Why are you so late?
It's half past ten.
We had breakfast one hour ago.
We're ready for the beach.
The weather's lovely.
Don't ask.
Don't ask about my night.
Did you find a nice hotel?
Did I find a nice hotel?
Yes, I do.
Well, was the hotel nice?
Oh, yes.
Very nice.
Single room, very warm and breakfast in bed.
Wonderful.
And I didn't have to pay.
What do you mean you don't have to pay?
I didn't have to pay.
I stayed in a police station cell last night.
What?
You're joking, aren't you?
No.
I am not joking.
Last night I was taken to the police station.
After you threw me out of the hotel last night,
I tried to sleep in the car as it was so late.
But Boris was barking and barking.
Someone phoned the police,
and then this unfriendly policeman knocked on my car window and...
How old was he?
What?
Why do you want to know how old he was?
I like young policemen.
It gives me goose pimples all over.
Do you know he's there?
No, I don't.
Where is Boris?
What? Boris?
He's in the car.
I don't want to see him today.
In the car?
Oh, no.
Did you see Rob...
Mum's mobile.
Mum's mobile?
What are you talking about?
I was in a police station last night and all you can ask about is Mum's mobile.
I can't find it.
Don't you understand?
I am now a criminal.
It's not so terrible, Pete.
Yes, it is.
I got a parking ticket last year.
I left the car five minutes.
A parking ticket?
I slept in a police cell last night, Nancy.
Don't you understand?
I can't go anywhere now.
Every policeman now has a photo of me.
I can't leave the hotel.
It took me so stupid.
You're here now, so come on and get ready.
We want to start enjoying the holiday.
Aren't you interested to know what happened?
Must you go to prison?
How many years?
Maybe you can never come home again.
I can make a cake for you with a file in it.
No, Mum.
Pete doesn't have to go to prison.
He can stay with us.
That's good news, isn't it?
Um...
I want to go to the beach in my new red bikini.
Are you coming with me, Josephine?
Nancy?
Yes, I'm coming.
I just want to look in the car for Rob...
Er...
You're mobile, Mum.
Thank you, Josie.
I'm coming too, Mum.
First I want to speak to Luigi.
This morning at breakfast, he said he now has two rooms for us for the rest of the week.
I just want to say thank you.
Just wait for me then. Give me two...
Minutes to get ready.
It's nice to see the sun and smell the fresh air.
In prison, it was...
We know, Pete.
You told us the same story ten minutes ago.
Don't you want to hear what happened to me?
We're now lying on the beach and relaxing.
Can we forget prisons and policemen?
I can tell all my friends at school that my father is a criminal.
No, you can't, Josephine.
Did you see the prisoners on death row and the electric chair?
You watch too many films.
What is your mother wearing, Nancy?
I can't believe it.
Everyone on the beach is looking and laughing.
Say something to her.
I told her not to wear it, but she didn't listen.
She looks like...
It's the bikini she's wearing.
A bottom looks like two half-deflated hot air balloons.
No, I can't look.
Makes me feel ill.
Look at the other way.
It's difficult to look the other way.
I know what you mean.
Oh, there are some really thick guys on the beach.
Really awesome.
You all right, Josie?
See you soon.
Where are you going, mother?
Excellent.
Don't worry.
What is your mother doing now?
Why is she talking to him?
Oh, he's real fit.
Stop it, Josie.
I don't know what she's doing.
I really don't know.
No.
Excuse me, young man.
It would be really nice if you could help me.
What's the matter, dear?
I'm not as young as I used to be, and I...
No problem.
What can I do for you?
Put up your deck chair?
No.
Carry your bag?
Just tell me what you want.
Happy to help you?
Can you rub some suntan oil over my body?
What?
Well, I'm very busy at the moment.
I'm allergic to suntan oil.
I think my wife is waving at me.
Must go.
Bye.
Maybe tomorrow.
I'm leaving today.
What a pity.
What did you do, mother?
Why is he running away?
I just asked him to help me.
What did you ask him to do?
Nothing much.
Nancy, do you think I can take my bikini off to get an oil over body turn?
No, you cannot!
I want an ice cream, Mum.
I want some money.
Here you are.
Can you get us all an ice cream, Josie?
You can choose.
Okay.
I can go and see if Boris is okay and look for...
Er... something.
Your daughter is saying some very strange things these days, Nancy.
She's your daughter as well.
Oh, yes.
I suppose she is.
Here you are.
Ice cream is for everyone.
Thank you.
Boris is unhappy in the car alone.
The ice cream man was really buff.
Great body.
What does that mean?
Oh, you're so old.
Don't you know?
When I was young...
Oh, yes, Dad. Not again.
It gave me his phone number.
You are not meeting him.
You are too young.
Why not?
That's not fair.
He asked me for a drink.
That's all.
We can all come with you.
What?
Let her go by herself.
Don't interfere.
She's our daughter.
I think it's okay for Josie to meet him.
It's only for a drink.
Don't you trust your daughter, Pete?
She is too young.
You know that he wants more than a drink.
Is it the man on the promenade with long black hair, Josie?
Yes.
He smiled at me, too, when I walked past.
I used to be attractive to men, Josie.
Which century was that?
The Middle Ages, before they invented the wheel.
I ought to meet him.
I don't care what you say.
You do as I tell you.
Nancy, speak to your daughter.
Why ask me?
You can speak to her yourself.
I can go with Josie to meet him.
Is that all right?
Pete?
I suppose so.
But you know what your mother is like.
She's very sensible.
Hmm.
I'm not so sure.
Oh, no.
Look.
It's getting cloudy.
Where's the sun gone?
She think it's going to rain.
Typical bloody, nothing black or weather.
It's getting cold.
Let's go back to the hotel.
Mother, you can change out of that bikini.
And then we can go to the pleasure beach this afternoon.
Can we go on the ghost train together?
I want to sit at the front.
And I want some candy floss.
She gets more like a child each day.
I really think we must go and see her doctor when we get home.
Pete, please don't say that.
Can we just try to have a nice day?
Yes, dear.
Come on, everyone.
Bring all our things.
Ooh.
Hurry up, Josie.
Mom, bring the towels and the sunshade.
Don't forget your sunglasses.
Yes, Mom.
Don't go on all the time.
Thanks, Grand.
We can sort something out when we're alone.
Ooh, it's stuck to my nose.
Help me, Nancy.
Help me.
It's OK, Grand.
Let me help you.
But candy floss is such fun.
I like it.
It is so sweet and sticky.
Oh, Pete.
It's so good to see Mother enjoying herself.
I hope Josephine looks so good.
It's so sweet.
Oh, Pete.
It's so good to see Mother enjoying herself.
I hope Josephine looks after us when we're old.
I'm not so sure, Nancy.
It's a different generation.
What do we do when we're old?
I don't know.
Come on, everyone.
To the ghost train.
I'm coming with you, Grand.
Mom and Dad are so naff.
You do go.
We want to sit in a cafe and have a quiet cup of tea.
We can make here in a couple of hours.
You're on holiday.
Relax.
I'm fun.
Going on a ghost train is not my idea of fun.
You go.
Okay.
Grand?
Yes, Josie.
Can I ask you a big favor?
Of course, my dear.
Please, don't tell Mom and Dad.
I want to go and see that barfly screen man.
Is it okay?
Of course, Josie.
Have fun.
You're only young once in your life.
I'm happy by myself.
Maybe there will be a lovely rich widower sitting next to me on the ghost train.
Bye, Grand.
Bye.
Well, what a holiday.
I hope the rest of the week is more peaceful and with no more disasters.
Don't forget, we have to go home in your car.
That is a disaster.
Okay.
Not again.
Can we change the subject?
You started it.
You mentioned disasters, not me.
You mentioned the car, not me.
Not so loud.
Everyone is listening to us.
What's that in your teacup?
It's moving.
What?
Where?
Oh, no.
It's a fly.
I don't believe it.
There's a fly swimming in my Earl Grey.
Do something then.
Don't just look at it.
Give me the newspaper.
No, don't do that.
Oh, why did you do that?
You're so stupid.
I killed the fly.
Oh, yes, you killed the fly.
But your hot tea went all over my dress.
Look what happened.
It's not so bad.
Yes, it is.
Look, I can't wear this.
You can wash it.
No problem.
Why can't you wash it?
Why is life so difficult with you, Pete?
I don't know what you mean.
We came to Blackpool to have a holiday, but so far it isn't happening.
I'm going back to the hotel to have a rest on the bed.
Bit of peace and quiet is what I need now.
I can come with you.
No, no.
It's okay.
You stay here and destroy some more cups.
You can meet Mum and Josie and then come back to the hotel later.
If you think that is the best thing to do.
Yes, yes, definitely.
Okay, Nancy.
Go to bed if you think it's what you need.
I think bed is a good idea.
A very good idea.
See you later.
Can I pay, please?
Yes, sorry about the cups.
My wife got angry and had an accident.
Women.
Oh, hello, Grand.
Josephine, not with you?
Hello.
No, Josephine is licking an ice cream.
What is the matter?
My tooth.
I lost them.
How did you do that?
I went on the Dodgeham cars.
And this nice widow had knocked into me and they went flying into the air.
Oh, dear.
What a pity.
Hope you find them.
You can't eat without them.
I spare pear as at home.
Pity.
Maybe you can get a straw in the hotel.
That's a good idea.
Well, have fun.
I'm walking around the pleasure beach for a while.
Nancy is back at the hotel.
Bye.
Where's my car?
It's not in the car park.
It's stolen.
Can someone help?
Where is everyone?
Where's that Italian manager?
When you want someone, call the police.
Nancy?
Nancy, open the door.
Throw in the police.
My car, it's stolen.
Open the door.
Where is everyone?
Are you asleep?
I don't believe it.
Where is she?
Women.
Of course.
My mobile.
I have it in my pocket.
Nine.
Hello?
Yes, it's an emergency.
Police.
My car is stolen.
Hotel Grand Park.
On the seafront.
Registration F-H-W-2-9-6-K.
What?
My name?
I'm Britain.
Pete Britain.
Come quickly.
What's the problem, Dad?
I can hear you from outside.
The car.
It's stolen.
God!
Where's Boris?
What?
Who?
Oh, Boris.
I don't know.
In the car.
Driving the car.
Come down, Dad.
Don't get hysterical.
Boris can't drive the car.
He's too young.
He doesn't have a license.
What are you talking about?
Boris doesn't have a license.
It's a joke, Dad.
Stay cool.
I am cool.
The police are here.
Come on.
Good morning, sir.
Oh, no.
It's you.
Yes, it's me, sir.
Nice to see you again, sir.
Hmm.
What's the problem, sir?
My car.
It's not in the car park.
It's a classic car.
It's probably sold by now.
And it's out of the country.
I don't think so, sir.
How do you know?
It's a very special car.
There aren't many left in the world.
Don't worry, sir.
Of course I worry.
It's my car.
We found your car, sir, 20 minutes ago.
Yes?
Wonderful.
Where is it?
Where we found it, sir.
Yes, sir.
One mile from here.
It broke down in the middle of the high streets.
There is a three-mile traffic jam behind it, sir.
No one can get into the car to move it because your mad dog attacks anyone who tries to get into it.
My car is okay.
We would be very grateful if you could come and move your car, sir, before we shoot your mad beast.
You can't shoot, Boris.
We can.
We certainly can.
So both of you come with me in my car now, please.
Where is everyone?
It's late.
Don't worry, Nancy.
Oh, here comes your mother.
Oh, Nancy.
I can't find them.
I lost my teeth.
What are you talking about?
Oh, didn't Pete tell you?
No, I was busy.
Oh, anyway.
What happened?
Where's Josephine?
She went off to have a bitter ice cream.
Where is she now?
And where is Pete?
What a holiday.
This nice widower helped me look.
Who?
Where?
For your lost teeth?
Yes.
I crashed on the Dodgeham cars and they came out of my mouth.
Oh, terrible mother.
There you are.
Oh, there you both are.
What happened?
I can ask you the same question.
Where were you when I knocked on the bedroom door?
The car was stolen with Boris inside.
So now you must buy a new car.
No, it's OK.
The police found it in the High Street.
What a pity.
And where were you this afternoon, Josephine?
I thought you were going on the ghost train with your grandmother.
You weren't with your grandmother, Josephine?
No, I, er...
went shopping for clothes.
Your grandmother told me you went for an ice cream.
Er, that as well.
I am confused.
I don't know where I am.
Is this all so important?
I think we all need a nice cup of tea.
You're right, Mum.
Luigi, can we all have some tea and cakes in the restaurant, please?
Yes, of course.
And can you book us a table in your restaurant for a celebration tomorrow evening?
Of course, Nancy.
What is the occasion?
It's my birthday, but I don't feel like celebrating.
Perhaps something revealing is going to happen.
The naked truth?
Are you talking about?
I don't understand, women.
Wait and see!
Wait, Nancy!
This is nice, isn't it?
I don't like the food.
It's foreign muck.
I don't understand the menus.
Stop moaning.
This is my birthday.
Oh, you're having a nice time, aren't we?
I can't eat this maple tea.
I don't like the food.
It's foreign muck.
I don't understand the menus.
Stop moaning.
This is my birthday.
This meat without my teeth and this straw doesn't help.
Mother, please.
Don't make that noise.
It's difficult to eat, Nancy.
Can I ask the waiter to cut up my meat?
No, you can't.
Let me do it.
Do you like your meal, Pete?
It's okay, but it's very expensive.
I prefer fish and chips.
I thought this would be nice for your birthday.
Yes, dear.
Thank you, dear.
Oh, look over there!
Where, Mum?
There!
It's the lovely widower who helped me yesterday.
Which one, Grand?
Him!
Opposite her!
Next to the other man with the shirt.
Try!
Ooh!
Hurry!
Mum, stop it.
Stop waving.
Your mother is impossible.
Do something, Nancy.
What do you suggest?
Tying her to the chair and potting her sock in her mouth is a good idea.
He's coming to our table.
Oh, lovely.
Oh, he has my teeth.
He found my teeth.
Oh, thank you so much.
Let me give you a big kiss.
Oh, come on, Mum.
Sit down.
Everyone in the restaurant is watching.
But I'm so happy.
I have my teeth.
Ah!
Now I can eat this meat.
Oh, that's much better.
I suddenly don't feel like eating anymore.
Sorry, Nancy.
I understand.
Why have you stopped eating, Pete?
I feel so hungry now.
Did me your plate.
I can eat your dinner as well.
I don't believe it.
Oh, no.
Look, they're the police.
I know they're looking for me.
Help me, Nancy.
Don't let us see me.
Oh, don't be so stupid.
She's not looking for you.
Well, she's coming to our table.
I think she is looking for you.
Pete?
Pete, where are you?
I'm under the table.
Don't tell her I'm here.
Say I'm not here.
Say I went to Spain.
Or I'm at the dentist or anything.
Stupid Pete.
Sit in your chair.
She's going to arrest you, Pete.
Oh, how exciting.
Over here, Constable.
He's hiding under the table.
Here it is.
Thank you very, very much.
Just you wait.
You wait.
Oh!
Hello, Constable.
I was just picking up my shoelace.
I'm trying up my serviette.
No.
What is happening?
You don't look like a real police woman.
Wait.
You...
Wearing...
High heels.
And...
Lipstick.
Short...
Skirt.
Excuse me, you sir.
Why are you taking off your uniform?
It's not hot in here.
What are you doing?
Please stop it.
Now...
It's okay, Nancy.
It's fun.
I feel like joining myself.
Don't bother.
Pete.
Do something.
Everyone is looking.
Put your tongue back in your mouth.
You look stupid.
Oh.
Hello.
Oh, no.
Ah, yes.
Whose idea is this?
Stop now, please.
It's a stipper ground for Pete's birthday.
I organized it with Josie.
Happy birthday, Pete.
I don't think it is a very good present.
What do you think, Pete?
Pete?
Yes, dear.
Whatever you say, dear.
Stop this now.
Oh, my God.
They're not real.
They can't be.
No, dear.
Yes, dear.
Whatever you say to you.
Green.
Look.
Watch the matter, Jos.
It's...
No, it's Robbie.
Where?
Behind Dad.
Oh.
He's walking around the place on one's stripper's foot.
Don't something grind?
What's the matter with you two?
Oh.
Nothing, Mum.
What a birthday.
What happened?
I was enjoying that.
Where is she?
Why is she screaming?
I didn't touch her.
Come on, Grant.
Cut it off, Robin.
I'm coming with you, Josie.
What are you all doing on your own mat?
Come back here.
What a day.
What a holiday.
I don't understand the English.
They are very, very strange people.
Look.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.